---
layout: post
title: Notes 4 - 2App2Dev
---


---
### General notes
If I've repeated code three times or more, "DRY" it up (_don't repeat yourself_), aka implement partials or another method of streamlining code. 

- a `before_action` method in the respective controller is the best way to perform redirects based on user authorizations (are they allowed to edit/update/destroy in Photogram, etc).
- `before_action`s run in the order in which they're written in the controller

If there is a behavior I want to change, clear server log, initiate the behavior, then let the server log tell me which `route`, `params`, etc are involved.

Partials can only be rendered from main view templates, and main view templates can only be rendered from the controller.

**Authorization work is all conditionals.**
- Conditionally hide forms on front end, _and also_ conditionally prevent actions in the respective controller to prevent more savvy users from working around through URL queries or other methods.

Use "squash and merge" for merging pull requests. It takes X commits from the branch you're merging and "squashes" them into one commit for the git history (can use more robust comments for logging purposes here).

Pare down available routes when using `resources` with `only:` (only create, update, destroy for follow requests, for instance).

"mr-auto" for CSS styling on navbar items -> creates right margin that fills space and forces anything else in navbar to far right edge of container holding navbar element.

There is a `request` object that exists for each page like `params` or others that can add some functionality.

---

### To-do
- PG-industrial front end styling (compare with Industrial Auth 1 starting point)
    1. Refactor tabbed interface to a partial
    2. Rebuild nav-bar to match target
        - use containers and offset?
    3. Rebuild tabbed interface to match target

- Industrial Auth 1
    1. Figure out following/private user interface
    2. Pending follow requests viewable by user only
    3. ~~Feed and Discover viewable by user only~~

- Javascript Bootcamp
    1. Work through listed lessons for weekly assignment
    2. TIL blog comparing and contrasting with Ruby

